MEDITERRANEAN SEA
60 MILES SOUTH OF MARSEILLES
What a mess.
You've never seen a dead man before?
Put a blanket on him. Cover him.
I'm coming.
Be careful.
One minute. I'll be right there. Cover him.
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
LANGLEY, VIRGINIA
Do you know who I am?
I do not know who I am.
Tell me who I am.
If you know who I am...
Please stop messing around...
...and tell me.
Can't you read the signs?
On your feet...let's go...right now.
The park is closed.
There's no sleeping in the park.
Let's see some identification.
Come on...your papers.
I've lost them...my papers...they are lost.
Ok...let's go...put your hands up.
...I just need to sleep...
GEMEINSCHAFT BANK
ZURICH SWITZERLAND
What can I do for you?
I'm trying to think...
How Iong's it been since I was here last?
I'm not sure.
It must be three weeks.
What, do you think I'm a fool?
You'd be a fool not to take it.
LOCATED: BARCELONA
ENTRANCE ACCEPTED
TYPE COMMAND: ENTER
CONNECTING
PREP MODE AND ARM READY
FOR TRANSPORT
HOLD PATTERN UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE
SENDING
HAMBURG
ACTIVATION CODE: MANHEIM
PREP MODE AND ARM/TRANSPORT ZURICH
PASSPORT CHILE/IMMEDIATE DISPATCH
432ZZ45
HOLD DESTINATION ZURICH - SENDING
LOCATING: ROME
CONNECTING - LOCATION: ROME ITALY
TRANSMISSION CONFIRMED
TREADSTONE SAFE HOUSE
PARIS, FRANCE
Monsieur Bourne, there you are.
Monsieur Bourne, I was wondering...
I haven't seen you.
Uh, here I am.
I think I forgot my key.
HOFFENMEIN MORGUE
PARIS, FRANCE
This man was not shot.
Yes, the house phone in the lobby.
You've been here for three hours
and you still can't find a print?
What's going on?
This guy has come to see the American.
But the body...it's disappeared.
They came yesterday evening...his brother.
He's not in the register.
Stop the car.
But no...you said Rue de I...
we're almost there.
Just right here, this is good.
I said stop.
Well...what's going on?
You gave me too much.
Monsieur...your change, your change.
Sir, please...You can't stay here...
You have to leave.